I am able to see that you are facing issues in getting authenticated by the application and you are not able to login.
I will provide you some steps to follow that and make sure certain things in mind while following the steps 

Ensure Somethings :
1. Internet Connection is stable and powerful.
2. Do not close application while the process or press the back button.
3. You will get the confirmation for email sent nda email verified, until and unless do not close or go back from the application you can switch windows via direct opening the mail while application is in the background.

Steps to follow:
1. Go to Signup screen 
2. Enter all the details.
3. Wait for email, email sent confirmation pop up or mail from our team.
4. Click on the link to verify the email, and check what the page is returning Success or some error.
5. Now once its verified open application and you will find confirmation of verified, and will be redirected to the login page.
6. Login via credentials you entered at time of registration.

And if any more querry contact to this mail or below Phone number 
6353668707

मुझे पता चला है कि आपको एप्लिकेशन द्वारा प्रमाणीकरण प्राप्त करने में समस्या आ रही है और आप लॉगिन नहीं कर पा रहे हैं।
मैं आपको इसके लिए कुछ चरण बताऊँगा और चरणों का पालन करते समय कुछ बातों का ध्यान रखें।

कुछ बातें सुनिश्चित करें: 1. इंटरनेट कनेक्शन स्थिर और शक्तिशाली हो। 2. प्रक्रिया के दौरान एप्लिकेशन को बंद न करें या बैक बटन न दबाएँ।
3. आपको ईमेल भेजे जाने और ईमेल सत्यापित होने की पुष्टि मिलेगी, जब तक आप एप्लिकेशन को बंद या वापस नहीं जाते, तब तक आप एप्लिकेशन के बैकग्राउंड में रहते हुए सीधे मेल खोलकर विंडो स्विच कर सकते हैं।

अनुसरण करने के चरण:
1. साइनअप स्क्रीन पर जाएँ
2. सभी विवरण दर्ज करें।
3. ईमेल, ईमेल भेजे जाने की पुष्टि पॉप अप या हमारी टीम से मेल का इंतज़ार करें। 4. ईमेल सत्यापित करने के लिए लिंक पर क्लिक करें, और जांचें कि पृष्ठ सफलता या कोई त्रुटि दे रहा है। 5. अब एक बार सत्यापित होने के बाद एप्लिकेशन खोलें और आपको सत्यापित होने की पुष्टि मिलेगी, और आपको लॉगिन पृष्ठ पर पुनः निर्देशित किया जाएगा।
6. पंजीकरण के समय आपके द्वारा दर्ज किए गए क्रेडेंशियल्स के माध्यम से लॉगिन करें।

और यदि कोई और प्रश्न हो तो इस मेल या नीचे दिए गए फ़ोन नंबर पर संपर्क करें
6353668707
